hello everyone this is a video of my
motorola milestone running on android
2.2 21 the beautiful 10 Rome I think
this is a official motorola lick just
show you it's a milestone it gives it
it's 2.2 31 and it's all these
applications that are intellectually is
like multiple application are like oh
they're gallery as you see motorcar home
and if music player is from standard
Android everyday practice is different
and the galleries found lighting the
only model another educational outcomes
and there's just want to show you that
the old 3g mobile hotspot does there
plus wireless tether and there's nothing
always pressing on the wrong places
you can select southern displays in a
different homes applications i'm a
notification i should show that a flash
installed but have time either i sort of
showed the flesh is running but i can
come from the clashes running this
that's a good jockey at times and
everything works the camera and the
chemical replication is like from
multiple i'll just show you says so that
Leonardo is a statement of the
notification you see service is a camera
application I mean this is the video
camera application calculator it's the
novelty multiplication and person
everything was there you go it's
confirming so this is a group of ten
Rome all i did was i have installed the
motorola USB drivers and rs delighted in
4.7 that i have used and i have followed
by instructions step by step from XDA
developers forums so there sit it's
pretty simple and i didn't i have it
from last night I've been ever since I
pnina trying everything under just
superb view this is mu G no application
and this is an easy role of the kitchen
so you know everything's fine there's
like
I've noticed one problem I don't know
what I'm just having this problem there
is some stinking facebook I mean doesn't
matter just still enough is Vicki's not
day it rides here um probably also add
account with facebook let's do this
another other than that everything's
fine over there is nothing that i want
its 3g hotspot if i try to use it it
deserves the Wi-Fi and suppose to users
in a wife i recall excess point but
somehow it gives me an error message I
don't know what they're all other users
are having this or it's just only me and
look say things like that like you know
chrome to phone the new extension that
the heaviest it's works as well object
and the voice dialer in a everything
works the need was better map of
Australia see if it works you see anyone
works everything just fine you can
always say just give it a try this is a
nice drum I've said staple really stable
I mean works for every is everybody can
try thank you for watching